{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh20360\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. Roles and responsibilities \
2. What is the difference between serialization and de- serialization on java \
3. Define method overloading and find the invalid code on the piece of code he gave \
4. Why you prefer selenium for automation \
5. Have you got the chance to create the framework from the scratch \
6. Difference between testng and junit and which on you prefer and why ? \
7. What is auto it that is on my resume tell me more about it, \
8. How do you manage the waiting time on selenium ? \
 \
Technical screening questions: \
tell me about yourself \
1. Principal of agile \
2. Have you ever work as lead? \
3. Are you willing to relocate? \
4. When you sent error or bad code which response will you get? \
5. How big was your team in your previous project? \
6. How do you handle conflict? \
7. How you handle or take care of mistakes or problems? \
8. Are you willing to work as a lead \
9. How good are you in java \
10. You use java only in testing or have good development skills as well? \
11. Where do you store data in local repository in your previous project? \
 \
Question from general discussion today \
 \
have you ever done api testing ? How do you do the automation and manual api testing? \
Have you ever used testng? \
What are different annotations in testng ? \
What is assert and verify in java? \
What are the different locators in selenium? \
Have you done end to end , functional testing ? Give some example \
what is your qualification? Qualification year /degree and university \
why did you chose different field than your degree? \
Why do you move to unites states? \
What project are you doing in your current company? \
Can you write test scripts from scratch? \
How to disable the test in testng? \
 \
Interview questions \
1. Tell me about yourself \
2. How soon can you join? \
3. Types of testing \
4. Types of locators and which one is the best locator and why? Can you explain \
5. What is component testing \
6. How did you start your career as a software tester? \
7. Can you tell us the exact date, when you joined your current company? \
8. Why you moved in texas \
9. I can see a 9 years gap in your resume. During those years what you did? \
10. What is api testing and what are the tools you use. \
11. Can you tell us about the status code? \
12. What is 200,201,204, 404,401,400 etc. \
13. Using the selenium how you test api \
14. Can i call you right now on your phone? \
15. Are you us citizens? \
16. What is your expected salary? \
17. What is your current position and how did you get there? \
18. Can you verify your name as appeared in your resume? Do you have another name? \
 \
Technical questions: \
1. How do you track the defect? \
2. What are the tools you use for api testing? \
3. Explain how you carry out api testing? \
4. What frame work do you use and explain? \
 \
Questions \
 \
2. What is bdd and tdd. \
3. What is difference between them? \
4. Describe few ways to automate testing? \
5. What is oop? \
6. What is constructor? \
7. What is difference between class and object? \
9. How do you differenciate your priorities in testing? \
10. Which do you prefer the most- manual testing or automate testing? \
11. What are your strength and weakness in your work enviroment? \
 \
Questions \
1. Your roles in current project. \
2. Are you willing to relocate? \
3. Have you work on azure devops ? What is azure devops? \
4. Have you work on visual studio? \
5. Talked about salary. \
6. Are you comfortable doing api testing both manuel as well as automation? \
 \
Technical screening questions: \
tell me about yourself \
1. Principal of agile \
2. Have you ever work as lead? \
3. Are you willing to relocate? \
4. When you sent error or bad code which response will you get? \
5. How big was your team in your previous project? \
6. How do you handle conflict? \
7. How you handle or take care of mistakes or problems? \
8. Are you willing to work as a lead \
9. How good are you in java \
10. You use java only in testing or have good development skills as well? \
11. Where do you store data in local repository in your previous project? \
 \
Questions from interview \
1. Roles and responsibilities \
2.}